Huffmantreegeneratedfromtheexactfrequenciesofthetext.Thefrequencies and codes of each character are below. Encoding the sentence with this code requires some bits, as opposed to some bits if some characters of x bits were used. Huffman Coding is a common technique in entropy encoding, including lossless data compression. The algorithm output can be viewed as a variable length code table for encoding a source symbol.The same thing happens with LZW coding too. This is very important in compression theory use of it is significant. It is a revolution in communication systems.jhalhga lkajhgagagahgdasg ashgfjgasdgg ahgaksjdhf adgahpq gahgaert hugger sggggggggggss ssssss eeeeeeeee 2345346735246246373567 2456356 yyrth dfghdfghdfghdfghfshshssfshdfhdfdfq qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq hhhhhhhdhhdhdhdhhhdhhdhdhd hdhdhhdhdhdhdhshsdhfhshdfhsdfhsdhf hhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhd  hhhheehhehhehheheheehhehehehehehehhhehehehhehehhehehehehehehehhehehehehehhehehehehehehehehheheheheheheheheehhe
Huffman tree generated from the exact frequencies of the text. The frequencies and codes of each character are below. Encoding the sentence with this code requires some bits, as opposed to some bits if some characters of x bits were used. Huffman Coding is a common technique in entropy encoding, including lossless data compression. The algorithm output can be viewed as a variable length code table for encoding a source symbol.The same thing happens with LZW coding too. This is very important in compression theory use of it is significant. It is a revolution in communication systems.jhalhga lkajhgagagahgdasg ashgfjgasdgg ahgaksjdhf adgahpq gahgaert hugger sggggggggggss ssssss eeeeeeeee 2345346735246246373567 2456356 yyrth dfghdfghdfghdfghfshshssfshdfhdfdfq qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq hhhhhhhdhhdhdhdhhhdhhdhdhd hdhdhhdhdhdhdhshsdhfhshdfhsdfhsdhf hhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhd  hhhheehhehhehheheheehhehehehehehehhhehehehhehehhehehehehehehehhehehehehehhehehehehehehehehheheheheheheheheehheHuffman tree generated from the exact frequencies of the text. The frequencies and codes of each character are below. Encoding the sentence with this code requires some bits, as opposed to some bits if some characters of x bits were used. Huffman Coding is a common technique in entropy encoding, including lossless data compression. The algorithm output can be viewed as a variable length code table for encoding a source symbol.The same thing happens with LZW coding too. This is very important in compression theory use of it is significant. It is a revolution in communication systems.jhalhga lkajhgagagahgdasg ashgfjgasdgg ahgaksjdhf adgahpq gahgaert hugger sggggggggggss ssssss eeeeeeeee 2345346735246246373567 2456356 yyrth dfghdfghdfghdfghfshshssfshdfhdfdfq qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq hhhhhhhdhhdhdhdhhhdhhdhdhd hdhdhhdhdhdhdhshsdhfhshdfhsdfhsdhf hhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhd  hhhheehhehhehheheheehhehehehehehehhhehehehhehehhehehehehehehehhehehehehehhehehehehehehehehheheheheheheheheehheHuffman tree generated from the exact frequencies of the text. The frequencies and codes of each character are below. Encoding the sentence with this code requires some bits, as opposed to some bits if some characters of x bits were used. Huffman Coding is a common technique in entropy encoding, including lossless data compression. The algorithm output can be viewed as a variable length code table for encoding a source symbol.The same thing happens with LZW coding too. This is very important in compression theory use of it is significant. It is a revolution in communication systems.jhalhga lkajhgagagahgdasg ashgfjgasdgg ahgaksjdhf adgahpq gahgaert hugger sggggggggggss ssssss eeeeeeeee 2345346735246246373567 2456356 yyrth dfghdfghdfghdfghfshshssfshdfhdfdfq qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq hhhhhhhdhhdhdhdhhhdhhdhdhd hdhdhhdhdhdhdhshsdhfhshdfhsdfhsdhf hhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhdhd  hhhheehhehhehheheheehhehehehehehehhhehehehhehehhehehehehehehehhehehehehehhehehehehehehehehheheheheheheheheehhe.







   